Please create a simple working Version 1 of the Daily Recalibration / Daily Spin feature for the U Thrive 365 website.

GOAL:
Create a standalone page for the Daily Spin that lets users click a button and receive one randomly selected daily theme from a list of 17 themes. Each result should display:
- the word/theme
- one-sentence meaning
- one reflection question
- one micro-action

IMPORTANT:
- Keep this Version 1 simple
- Do not use Airtable, databases, logins, user accounts, or saved history
- Store the 17 entries directly in the site code for now
- Make the page visually consistent with the rest of the U Thrive 365 site
- Keep it calm, elegant, readable, and responsive on desktop and mobile

PAGE DETAILS:

PAGE TITLE:
Daily Recalibration

INTRO TEXT:
Take a breath. Spin for a daily word, reflection, and one small action.

MAIN BUTTON:
Spin

OPTIONAL SECONDARY BUTTON AFTER RESULT APPEARS:
Spin Again

RESULT CARD SHOULD DISPLAY THESE LABELS OR CLEAR VISUAL SECTIONS:
- Theme
- Meaning
- Reflection Question
- Micro-Action

Please use the following 17 Daily Spin entries directly in the code:

[
  {
    "theme": "Trust",
    "meaning": "Trust reminds you that not every uncomfortable feeling needs an immediate reaction. Sometimes the wiser choice is to pause, soften your resistance, and allow space for a deeper understanding to emerge.",
    "question": "What situation in my life might I view differently if I stopped resisting it for a moment?",
    "action": "Pause, take one deep breath, and say, “Let this be as it needs to be for today.”"
  },
  {
    "theme": "Acceptance",
    "meaning": "Acceptance means meeting yourself and your current reality without shame, resistance, or self-punishment.",
    "question": "What am I struggling to accept in myself or my life right now?",
    "action": "Take one quiet moment and say: “I am exactly who I need to be, and exactly where I need to be for today.”"
  },
  {
    "theme": "Letting Go",
    "meaning": "Letting Go asks you to release your grip on what no longer needs your energy.",
    "question": "What am I still carrying that I no longer need to hold so tightly?",
    "action": "Choose one thought, task, resentment, or worry and consciously release it for the rest of the day."
  },
  {
    "theme": "Forgiveness",
    "meaning": "Forgiveness frees your energy from resentment, regret, or old emotional weight.",
    "question": "Where in my life am I still holding on to hurt, blame, or self-punishment?",
    "action": "Say quietly, “I am willing to soften here,” even if full forgiveness is not ready yet."
  },
  {
    "theme": "Gratitude",
    "meaning": "Gratitude shifts your attention toward what is already present, supportive, and sustaining.",
    "question": "What is already working in my life that I have been overlooking?",
    "action": "Write down three things you are genuinely grateful for today."
  },
  {
    "theme": "Presence",
    "meaning": "Presence brings you back to this moment when your mind is busy replaying the past, worrying about the future, or filling the day with unnecessary mental noise.",
    "question": "Where has my mind gone that is pulling me away from this moment?",
    "action": "Spend one full minute noticing only your breath, body, and surroundings."
  },
  {
    "theme": "Pause",
    "meaning": "Pause interrupts automatic reactions and creates space for a wiser response.",
    "question": "Where in my day would a pause serve me more than a reaction?",
    "action": "Before answering, texting, deciding, or reacting today, take one intentional deep breath first."
  },
  {
    "theme": "Discernment",
    "meaning": "Discernment helps you separate what is true and useful from what is noise, habit, or pressure.",
    "question": "What feels genuinely right for me, and what only feels familiar or easy?",
    "action": "Before one decision today, ask: “Is this aligned, or is this automatic?”"
  },
  {
    "theme": "Courage",
    "meaning": "Courage is the willingness to take the honest step even when it feels uncomfortable.",
    "question": "What truth or action have I been avoiding that would move me forward?",
    "action": "Take one small brave action today that you have been putting off."
  },
  {
    "theme": "Insight",
    "meaning": "Insight looks beneath the surface of frustration, conflict, or difficulty to find the deeper message.",
    "question": "What might this challenge be trying to show me that I have not fully seen yet?",
    "action": "Choose one difficult situation and write one lesson it may be offering you."
  },
  {
    "theme": "Priority",
    "meaning": "Priority reminds you to focus on what matters most, clearing away the mental and energetic weight that can build when something important is delayed.",
    "question": "What is the one most important thing I need to handle today?",
    "action": "Do the most important task first, even if only for 10 focused minutes."
  },
  {
    "theme": "Compassion",
    "meaning": "Compassion softens harshness without removing truth, boundaries, or responsibility.",
    "question": "Where could I respond more kindly to myself or someone else today?",
    "action": "Replace one critical thought with a gentler, more truthful one."
  },
  {
    "theme": "Reframe",
    "meaning": "Reframe asks you to see a situation, task, or problem through a different and more useful lens.",
    "question": "How else could I interpret this situation in a way that gives me more freedom?",
    "action": "Take one thing you are resisting and rewrite the story you are telling about it."
  },
  {
    "theme": "Choice",
    "meaning": "Choice reminds you that even small decisions can shift the direction of a day.",
    "question": "What is one thing I could choose differently today that would support me more?",
    "action": "Make one better choice today in food, movement, rest, timing, or attention."
  },
  {
    "theme": "Purpose",
    "meaning": "Purpose invites you to treat your actions, work, and attention as meaningful instead of mechanical.",
    "question": "What would change today if I approached my life with more meaning and intention?",
    "action": "Before starting one task, say: “Let this matter.”"
  },
  {
    "theme": "Receiving",
    "meaning": "Receiving means being open to support, kindness, insight, or help instead of pushing it away.",
    "question": "What am I resisting receiving because I am too used to giving or doing everything myself?",
    "action": "Accept one compliment, kindness, or offer of help today without deflecting it."
  },
  {
    "theme": "Grace",
    "meaning": "Grace is moving through the day with softness, steadiness, and dignity instead of reactivity.",
    "question": "What would it look like to move through today with a little more grace?",
    "action": "When something irritates or unsettles you, slow down your tone and your body before responding."
  }
]

FUNCTIONAL REQUIREMENTS:
1. Create a standalone page for this feature
2. Add a Spin button
3. On click, randomly select one entry from the list
4. Display the result in a beautiful readable card or content block
5. Allow users to spin again
6. Keep the experience simple and smooth
7. Preserve accessibility and readability
8. Make sure quotation marks display correctly

DESIGN DIRECTION:
- Use the existing U Thrive 365 aesthetic
- Calm, spacious, elegant, grounded
- Readable text sizes for adults on laptop and mobile
- No flashy casino-style wheel needed in Version 1 unless there is already a simple component ready
- A simple “Spin” interaction is enough
- If helpful, animate the result reveal subtly, but keep it minimal

NAVIGATION / LINKING:
- If possible, connect the existing “Daily Recalibration” button on the Start Here page to this new page
- Keep this routing simple and clean

DO NOT:
- add user accounts
- add Airtable
- add analytics
- add journaling
- add daily limits
- overbuild anything

FINAL NOTE:
This is Version 1 only. Keep it simple, clean, and working.