Please update only the rotating quote feature on the homepage.

Keep the existing:
- quote area location near the bottom of the homepage
- quote styling
- fonts
- colors
- spacing
- overall design
- one-quote-per-day rotation behavior

Do not redesign the homepage.
Do not change any other sections.

Make these changes only:

1. Remove any placeholder or automatically generated quotes currently being used.

2. Use only the approved quote list I provide below.
Do not invent new quotes.
Do not paraphrase them.
Do not replace them with similar lines.

3. Keep the same logic:
- show one quote per day
- keep the same quote for the full day
- move to the next quote the next day
- after the last quote, loop back to the beginning

4. Keep the quotes centered and styled exactly like the current homepage quote area.

Use this exact quote list and nothing else:

[
  "Do not spend your life becoming excellent at a path you never meant to walk.",
  "Some lives are built by default. Better lives are built by decision.",
  "If the life you built no longer fits, that is not failure. That is information.",
  "You are allowed to outgrow the life that once made sense.",
  "There comes a moment when staying the same costs more than change.",
  "Not every stable life is a satisfying one.",
  "The next chapter is not something you find. It is something you write.",
  "Your life is already telling a story. The question is whether it still sounds like you.",
  "You do not need a new life overnight. You need a truer one over time.",
  "A better future rarely begins with certainty. It begins with honesty.",
  "Sometimes the bravest move is not starting over. It is starting true.",
  "The path forward becomes visible when the pretending stops.",
  "Stop organizing your life around what no longer belongs in it.",
  "You can keep adapting to a life that drains you, or you can change it.",
  "Do not wait for disruption to begin the change you already know is needed.",
  "The life you want will ask you to stop protecting the one you have outgrown.",
  "What you keep tolerating will keep writing your future.",
  "A life can look successful and still feel profoundly wrong.",
  "If you’re walking a path, make sure it’s yours.",
  "Do not confuse familiar with right.",
  "The next chapter does not write itself.",
  "One honest shift can change the direction of an entire life.",
  "If the path no longer fits, you are allowed to change direction.",
  "The life you’re living is a story in progress. Write the next chapter on purpose.",
  "You do not have to keep living a life that no longer feels like yours.",
  "The moment you tell the truth, the path begins to change.",
  "A life built on someone else’s expectations will never feel fully like home.",
  "When the path is truly yours, even hard steps feel different.",
  "A turning point rarely arrives as convenience. It arrives as truth.",
  "What feels like disruption may be the beginning of alignment.",
  "The cost of denial is usually paid later, with interest.",
  "You do not have to wait for collapse to begin choosing differently.",
  "The longer you ignore what is wrong, the louder life usually gets.",
  "Sometimes life whispers first. Then it removes the floorboards.",
  "There is no prize for staying loyal to what no longer fits.",
  "The life you built is allowed to evolve. So are you.",
  "A quiet truth can be more powerful than a dramatic plan.",
  "You are not failing because change feels hard. You are training for a different life.",
  "Growth often begins where excuse-making ends.",
  "You do not need permission to stop living in a way that is shrinking you.",
  "Small changes today can become a completely different life tomorrow.",
  "Small shifts build the life big promises never could.",
  "What you repeat becomes your direction.",
  "A better life is often built in smaller moves than people expect.",
  "You do not need a giant leap. You need honest traction.",
  "Small shifts done consistently can outrun dramatic intentions every time.",
  "The future changes when repetition changes.",
  "You build self-trust the same way you build strength: one repetition at a time.",
  "A different life begins with a different pattern repeated long enough to matter.",
  "You do not need more pressure. You need better repetition.",
  "Momentum is built in ordinary moments, not dramatic speeches.",
  "One better choice repeated often enough can redraw an entire life.",
  "Your habits are writing more of your future than your hopes are.",
  "Lasting change rarely announces itself. It accumulates.",
  "The life you want is hidden inside the choices you repeat.",
  "You do not become someone new all at once. You become someone new by practice.",
  "What feels small today may be the beginning of everything.",
  "The first step does not need to impress you. It needs to be repeated.",
  "A small shift you can sustain is more powerful than a perfect plan you abandon.",
  "Real transformation is often quieter than expected and stronger than imagined."
]

Do not add quotation marks on the displayed homepage quote unless the current design already uses them.
Do not change anything else.